docs(tracking): add warning regarding stacking artifact location when… (#5570)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/tracking.rst

  export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=my_region

.. warning::

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps as a first sentence we could generically refer to what the problem is?

```
The MLflow tracking server utilizes specific reserved keywords for generating a qualified path when operating in proxied artifact mode (setting ``--serve-artifacts`` at server start). These environment configurations, if present  in the client environment, can create path resolution issues. For example, ....
``` 
as a 'warm welcome' to 'why you should read this and why it will save you a headache if you read this' ;)

Reviewer 2: I did not use the proxied artifact mode. Somehow MLflow refuses to accept ``--serve-artifacts`` in my setup but it is just not worth investigating because it is not essential.

Reviewer: Sounds good! The generic intro looks great.

  export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=my_region

.. warning::

        The MLflow tracking server utilizes specific reserved keywords to generate a qualified path. These environment configurations, if present in the client environment, can create path resolution issues.

>         For example, if you provide ``--default-artifact-root $MLFLOW_S3_ENDPOINT_URL`` on the server side **and** ``MLFLOW_S3_ENDPOINT_URL`` on the client side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For example, providing ``--default-artifact-root $MLFLOW_S3_ENDPOINT_URL`` on the server side **and** ``MLFLOW_S3_ENDPOINT_URL`` on the client side will create a client path resolution issue for the artifact storage location.
```

        MLflow queries the value provided by ``--default-artifact-root`` and suffixes the location with the values provided in ``MLFLOW_S3_ENDPOINT_URL``.

>         Thus, for AWS S3, we end up with ``https://<bucketname>.s3.<region>.amazonaws.com/<key>/<bucketname>/<key>`` or similarly ``s3://<bucketname>/<key>/<bucketname>/<key>``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Depending on the value set for the environment variable ``MLFLOW_S3_ENDPOINT_URL``, the resulting artifact storage path for this scenario would be one of the following invalid object store paths:  ``https://<bucketname>.s3.<region>.amazonaws.com/<key>/<bucketname>/<key>`` or  ``s3://<bucketname>/<key>/<bucketname>/<key>``.
```

>         So make sure to set either option but not both if you run into the aforementioned issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        To prevent path parsing issues, ensure that reserved environment variables are removed (``unset``) from client environments.
```
